_pages/faq.md, before:

---
key: 4
title: FAQ
permalink: /f9f742e1f653a74c4cd78d7ea283b5556539b96b/faq/
excerpt: Frequently Asked Questions
image: FAQ2_tall.jpg
image_alt: Mike & Rebecca with a Rainbow in Scotland
background-image: FAQ2.jpg
layout: page
---


# FAQ

- [What is a Quaker Wedding?](#what-is-a-quaker-wedding)
- [What is a Quaker?](#what-is-a-quaker)
- [What to wear?](#what-to-wear)
- [Can I bring my kids or pets?](#can-i-bring-my-kids-or-pets)
- [Do we bring gifts?](#do-we-bring-gifts)
- [What if we want to make a donation?](#what-if-we-want-to-make-a-donation)
- [What is the hashtag?](#what-is-the-hashtag)
- [What does RandM.news stand for?](#what-does-randmnews-stand-for)

## What is a Quaker wedding?

A Quaker wedding is in many ways similar to that of a Sunday morning worship sharing or for that matter a funeral. Generally we sit in a circle, often in silence, until someone is "called to speak". In most Quaker weddings, a lot of people want to have an opportunity to share something. In general it is traditional to only speak once in the gathering and not to speak too long. It is also not good to repeat what someone else has already shared. Although it is uncomfortable for some at first, it is important to leave space for silence between speakers, so that people can have a chance to reflect on what was said. 

## What is a Quaker?

Quakers are a religious community that generally believe in the ability of each person access what some refer to as "the light within". It is generally considered to be a Christian community, but includes people from all religious traditions as well as those who are agnostic or athiest. The guiding principles of most quakers are peace, equality, simplicity and truth. 

There is sometimes some unusual language in Quaker processes, as some of the traditions of the community stem from the early days when George Fox originally challenged the church as the institution that defined "the truth" nearly 400 years ago.

## What to wear?

Clothes.

## Can I bring my kids or pets?

Kids yes, pets no. We love pets, but Wabino doesn't. 

With kids, please let us know if they will need child care.  We are going to hire someone and already have a number of volunteers that can help. We just need to be more sure of the numbers.

## Do we bring gifts?

We are not spring chickens looking to build a new home, we have plenty of stuff. No gifts please! 

## What if we want to make a donation?

There is no need to make a donation.  Some people like to give something to help this new phase of our lives.  If you are such a person, please consider making a donation in our name to an organization like Inter Pares, Ecology Ottawa, or the Electronic Frontier Foundation.

## What is the hashtag?

We're going to use **#randmnews** as it is close to the website we are using.  Please use that hashtag if you are sharing things about this celebration on social media.

## What does RandM.news stand for?

Rebecca and Mike of course. Was easier to say than MandR.news and we didn't want it to get long and complicated.

Commit message:

note on the wedding committment.

_pages/faq.md, after:

---
key: 4
title: FAQ
permalink: /f9f742e1f653a74c4cd78d7ea283b5556539b96b/faq/
excerpt: Frequently Asked Questions
image: FAQ2_tall.jpg
image_alt: Mike & Rebecca with a Rainbow in Scotland
background-image: FAQ2.jpg
layout: page
---


# FAQ

- [What is a Quaker Wedding?](#what-is-a-quaker-wedding)
- [What is a Quaker?](#what-is-a-quaker)
- [What is a Quaker Wedding Certificate?](#what-is-a-quaker-wedding-certificate)
- [What to wear?](#what-to-wear)
- [Can I bring my kids or pets?](#can-i-bring-my-kids-or-pets)
- [Do we bring gifts?](#do-we-bring-gifts)
- [What if we want to make a donation?](#what-if-we-want-to-make-a-donation)
- [What is the hashtag?](#what-is-the-hashtag)
- [What does RandM.news stand for?](#what-does-randmnews-stand-for)

## What is a Quaker wedding?

A Quaker wedding is in many ways similar to that of a Sunday morning worship sharing or for that matter a funeral. Generally we sit in a circle, often in silence, until someone is "called to speak". In most Quaker weddings, a lot of people want to have an opportunity to share something. In general it is traditional to only speak once in the gathering and not to speak too long. It is also not good to repeat what someone else has already shared. Although it is uncomfortable for some at first, it is important to leave space for silence between speakers, so that people can have a chance to reflect on what was said. 

## What is a Quaker?

Quakers are a religious community that generally believe in the ability of each person access what some refer to as "the light within". It is generally considered to be a Christian community, but includes people from all religious traditions as well as those who are agnostic or athiest. The guiding principles of most quakers are peace, equality, simplicity and truth. 

There is sometimes some unusual language in Quaker processes, as some of the traditions of the community stem from the early days when George Fox originally challenged the church as the institution that defined "the truth" nearly 400 years ago.

## What is a Quaker Wedding Certificate?

At the end of each of our events we will be asking people to sign our Wedding Certificate. This is not a legal document, but one that will adorn our house as a memory of our committment to each other and the family & friends that support us. We will encourage everyone to sign the document once. This is also an indication that people witnessed our commitment and (for those who can) are committed to helping us maintain a lifetime bond. 

## What to wear?

Clothes.

## Can I bring my kids or pets?

Kids yes, pets no. We love pets, but Wabino doesn't. 

With kids, please let us know if they will need child care.  We are going to hire someone and already have a number of volunteers that can help. We just need to be more sure of the numbers.

## Do we bring gifts?

We are not spring chickens looking to build a new home, we have plenty of stuff. No gifts please! 

## What if we want to make a donation?

There is no need to make a donation.  Some people like to give something to help this new phase of our lives.  If you are such a person, please consider making a donation in our name to an organization like Inter Pares, Ecology Ottawa, or the Electronic Frontier Foundation.

## What is the hashtag?

We're going to use **#randmnews** as it is close to the website we are using.  Please use that hashtag if you are sharing things about this celebration on social media.

## What does RandM.news stand for?

Rebecca and Mike of course. Was easier to say than MandR.news and we didn't want it to get long and complicated.
