_pages/ottawa.md, before:

---
key: 1
title: Ottawa
permalink: /4df0179dda01538c9eedcafb8789c0805e4fd0c4/ottawa/
excerpt: Ottawa wedding ceremony
image: Ottawa_tall.jpg
image_alt: Rebecca & Mike on the Ottawa River
background-image: Ottawa2.jpg
layout: page
---

# The Wedding Site for Rebecca &amp; Mike's Celebration!

## The Wedding

The main event is happening on Saturday evening.

<p><em>5:45pm July 28, 2018 (after dinner)<br />
  <a href="http://wabano.com/">Wabano Centre for Aboriginal Health</a>, <a href="https://www.google.com/maps/place/299+Montreal+Rd,+Vanier,+ON+K1L+6B8/@45.4373487,-75.6611751,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x4cce0541d22407df:0xa38d13cfa9c2bc3e!8m2!3d45.4373487!4d-75.6589864">299 Montreal Rd, Vanier, Ontario</a></em></p>

The ceremony will begin at 6pm. It will be a Quaker ceremony - don't panic! We will give you lots of info and guidance. Please see What is a Quaker Wedding Ceremony? in the FAQ section. 

The ceremony will last for about one hour. We will then all sign our wedding certificate and this will be closely followed by some toasts. We will then have some wine, desert and cheese - yum. There will be music  to boogie to, a photo booth to be goofy in and friends to chat with. We will have some prosecco, wine and juice - and a cash bar if you fancy something a bit different.

There will be a kids playing area and some face painting and other activities. Hopefully the kids will be able to sit with us during the ceremony, but please do not worry if they grow impatient. We understand, it will be nice to have them there.

We have hired our talented and lovely friend Susanne to take photos throughout the evening and she will also have a fun photo booth set up. We ask that you set your cameras and phones aside for the ceremony and let her be responsible for capturing it.

The Wabano Centre for Aboriginal Health is an urban health centre that provides health services to First Nations, Inuit and Métis communities, promotes the health of all Aboriginal people and community-building through education and advocacy, and serves as a centre of excellence for urban Aboriginal health. They have a beautiful mission and a beautiful building. They rent their grand gathering space as an income-generating project and we are so happy to support their good work. 

## Pre-Wedding for **Family & Out of Towners**

Given that you are family and/or that you have travelled from afar, we would like to maximise this window of time with you. 

<p><em>Pizza & Beer @ 6pm Friday July 27 <br />
<a href="https://www.google.com/maps/place/581+MacLaren+St,+Ottawa,+ON+K1R+5K8/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x4cce044d38fca235:0x8485464ac8df5556?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwip57DJjcXaAhVM8IMKHWeHAnYQ8gEIJjAA">581 MacLaren Street</a></em></p>

We would love to have you over for dinner on Friday night (July 27). It will be a simple casual affair - pizza and salad in our backyard. We will have beer, wine, and juice no need to bring anything. As it is the night before the big day we will try to make this an early night :)


### Saturday Morning

Possible breakfast.

### Saturday Afternoon

Possible hike.

### Sunday Lunch

Picnic in the Park

### FAQ

#### What is a Quaker Wedding

#### What to wear

#### Can I bring my kids or pet

#### Gifts

#### Food & Drink

#### Great places to eat in Ottawa

#### Things to do in O-Town

A map of relevant or interesting [venues in Ottawa](https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=19bKJw5R4ZpiY2VlZo6IpHQVXZttV71Nu&ll=45.41890687301883%2C-75.68983909074706&z=14). Or you can look at it below:

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/d/embed?mid=19bKJw5R4ZpiY2VlZo6IpHQVXZttV71Nu" width="640" height="480"></iframe>

Commit message:

adding link to map and sunday aftern lunch notes.

_pages/ottawa.md, after:

---
key: 1
title: Ottawa
permalink: /4df0179dda01538c9eedcafb8789c0805e4fd0c4/ottawa/
excerpt: Ottawa wedding ceremony
image: Ottawa_tall.jpg
image_alt: Rebecca & Mike on the Ottawa River
background-image: Ottawa2.jpg
layout: page
---

# The Wedding Site for Rebecca &amp; Mike's Celebration!

## The Wedding

The main event is happening on Saturday evening.

<p><em>5:45pm July 28, 2018 (after dinner)<br />
  <a href="http://wabano.com/">Wabano Centre for Aboriginal Health</a>, <a href="https://www.google.com/maps/place/299+Montreal+Rd,+Vanier,+ON+K1L+6B8/@45.4373487,-75.6611751,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x4cce0541d22407df:0xa38d13cfa9c2bc3e!8m2!3d45.4373487!4d-75.6589864">299 Montreal Rd, Vanier, Ontario</a></em></p>

The ceremony will begin at 6pm. It will be a Quaker ceremony - don't panic! We will give you lots of info and guidance. Please see What is a Quaker Wedding Ceremony? in the FAQ section. 

The ceremony will last for about one hour. We will then all sign our wedding certificate and this will be closely followed by some toasts. We will then have some wine, desert and cheese - yum. There will be music  to boogie to, a photo booth to be goofy in and friends to chat with. We will have some prosecco, wine and juice - and a cash bar if you fancy something a bit different.

There will be a kids playing area and some face painting and other activities. Hopefully the kids will be able to sit with us during the ceremony, but please do not worry if they grow impatient. We understand, it will be nice to have them there.

We have hired our talented and lovely friend Susanne to take photos throughout the evening and she will also have a fun photo booth set up. We ask that you set your cameras and phones aside for the ceremony and let her be responsible for capturing it.

The Wabano Centre for Aboriginal Health is an urban health centre that provides health services to First Nations, Inuit and Métis communities, promotes the health of all Aboriginal people and community-building through education and advocacy, and serves as a centre of excellence for urban Aboriginal health. They have a beautiful mission and a beautiful building. They rent their grand gathering space as an income-generating project and we are so happy to support their good work. 

## Pre-Wedding for **Family & Out of Towners**

Given that you are family and/or that you have travelled from afar, we would like to maximise this window of time with you. 

<p><em>Pizza & Beer @ 6pm Friday July 27 <br />
<a href="https://www.google.com/maps/place/581+MacLaren+St,+Ottawa,+ON+K1R+5K8/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x4cce044d38fca235:0x8485464ac8df5556?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwip57DJjcXaAhVM8IMKHWeHAnYQ8gEIJjAA">581 MacLaren Street</a></em></p>

We would love to have you over for dinner on Friday night (July 27). It will be a simple casual affair - pizza and salad in our backyard. We will have beer, wine, and juice no need to bring anything. As it is the night before the big day we will try to make this an early night :)


### Saturday Morning

Possible breakfast.

### Saturday Afternoon

Possible hike.

### Sunday (July 29) afternoon - 12:30-4pm

Our only regret about having the wedding at Wabano is the lack of outdoors time. So we have decided to put on our wedding outfits on Sunday afternoon and head to a lake. Please join us with your swimsuits, cameras and some food for a potluck picnic in the park! It will be low key - we are not coordinating food. We would love some photos of us in our outfits outside in the sun, if they work out great! If it rains, no problem :) We will bring Tibi and go to a lake you can walk to in about 25 mins (mostly flat). [Parking and lake marked on map here](https://drive.google.com/open?id=19bKJw5R4ZpiY2VlZo6IpHQVXZttV71Nu&usp=sharing).

If folks are keen, there is usually fabulous music and a riverside patio on Sunday afternoons as of 4pm at the Blacksheep Inn in Wakefield, just a bit further north (also on map.)


### FAQ

#### What is a Quaker Wedding

#### What to wear

#### Can I bring my kids or pet

#### Gifts

#### Food & Drink

#### Great places to eat in Ottawa

#### Things to do in O-Town

A map of relevant or interesting [venues in Ottawa](https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=19bKJw5R4ZpiY2VlZo6IpHQVXZttV71Nu&ll=45.41890687301883%2C-75.68983909074706&z=14). Or you can look at it below:

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/d/embed?mid=19bKJw5R4ZpiY2VlZo6IpHQVXZttV71Nu" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
